# StackView V5

[StackView](https://www.stackview.com) is a computer based simulation tool for
magicians to explore and learn various aspects of controlling a stacked deck of
cards. The software does not teach you any magician's principles; it is assumed
that you are familiar with various card techniques, or that you have the
resources to learn them elsewhere. It does however allow you to discover new
possibilities with your card knowledge in a full featured simulation
environment.

Nick Pudar created StackView in his spare time between 2003 and 2006. It is in
use by magicians throughout the world. In 2021, he has decided to release the
original Visual Basic source code under the GPLv3 so the next generation of
tech-savvy magicians can pick up the torch.

## Getting Started

This program is written in Microsoft Visual Basic 6. You may need a virtual
machine to run / compile.

The files in this repository are exactly as Nick left them in 2006. He did not
use source control during development, but a changelog is available on the
[StackView website](https://www.stackview.com/history.html). There are some
unrelated files, and lots of "testers" which may give some insight into his
though processes.

The StackView User Guide (a PDF in this repository) is as impressive as the
software itself. It is a great introduction to the capabilities of the
software.

## License

StackView Copyright 2021 Nick Pudar

Card brand names and back designs used in StackView are registered trademarks
of The United States Playing Card Company in the United States and other
countries.

StackView is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

